The Character of beyone my control it take influence to make it right.
This prompt support that i am able to have my own character.
The british naturalist is right because people make bad chooice sometime it dosen't mean they are bad.
My character will show that how much i can do the right thing.
Influence beyond control your mind but it mean you have to strong and kind to other.
I control myself to do bad and good things i can only control me and my action that can be a issue.
I make misstake and l can learn from my own mistack that are right.
This is also supports how i act to other and be truth to myself.
Sometime you don't have to be selfish but their many selfish human being that do the wrong things and they know what they doing even that were wrong.
I tell myself that you are not perfact but doing the right things that isn't issue but the issue is when people take it wrong way and you can't do or said anythings.
If i really things about that what is my character i'll able to said that i am not perfact but i do the right things and i care about other people feeling may hurt by me and action and influence that i can control myself to not make misstakes that i'll regrade later.
i support that my character is influence because i control myself and the rest of is you body do the rest in science that are study knowledge about human body but it's nothing to do with this but your character tell you how to choose and be youself.
Sometimes i am not proude of who i am but it's not about who you are it about what you do and and what you said.
I can control myself to do the right thing and their many teenager that dosen't know how to be yourself because it takes lots of controling your character.
Your character tell you to support your respond to other that you choose away you can control yourself.
My character will show that how much i can control myself to be myself and not to be the person that other want me to be.
I can't give up i have to be postivie to myself and other and not to things nagative went i have to thing postivie to myself.
I do agree with this quote because my character will be what i can just be myself and choose the right thing to make it right.
My character makes me who i am now even went i wasn't my self.
My pass what make me more strong and to be brave to control my self to choose make it all the way.
It wasn't easy i work really heard to be the person that i am now my jerueny the reasons that i know how to be able to controling my self.
Life isn't easy to know everything you have to thougt your self to live in this world there many people even don't know what is to be able to love yourself and do the right thing.
The Britesh naturalist and politician and John Lubbock wrote this quote and i do believe that i can control what i said and i also control what are my action are that not usless to me because it's importan to me by influence beyond control take a position on this issue.
For example i did losed control went i am not thinking postivie and choosing to be nagative that's why people need to know how to be able to control them self.
Thinking postivie is't force it's come by influences and the people you around with not always the you round with their know how to control them sefl but it is not them that you can't depond on you have to learn your own and not all people are bad to hanging out with.
I believe that one person can change the whold world just by their bravery and thinking postivie to them self i may not be prefact but i know how to control myself just by thinking postivie and think before i said or do anythigs.
Some teen that are don't know how to control them self but you really don't have to know how to control your self they're many reasons influence that control youe self that you don't have control over what you have is you control you i know went i frist nocite that i have to make everything right but it is not what i have change it is what i am.
Character influence beyond and it takes many reasons to be able to do the right thing i support that influence do control our character that we have and it make it more hearder to believe that i know what is the right and wrong thing as the time goes but my responds has to be the same i can't not change what other people do or said but what i can do is just be myself and think postivie that what makes it my character right.
Character formed by influence beyond my control i do have many ressons to support this prompt do i choose my own character formed that is real by influences beyond control that i have over myself is my action and my thoughts that able to do the right thing as my character choose to be make it right.
John Lubbock was right i do control my character formed by influences beyond that my brain tells me to do.
it is positible to my character will be what me and myself choose to make it right, my responds with this prompt that is i can control my character will be show as i think postivie and do the right thing to improve my self that i can control my to be make it thru all the way as i'm useing character formed by influences beyond.
I can control my actions and my thoughts that will not hurting other but if they're someone is not nice to me i can just use my postivie thought and postivie mind to control my nagaitve thoughts and use my postivie thoughts not to be bad as their to me.
I do also support this prompt i am controling myself to be the person that i am and not to be the person that what other people want you to be.
My influences that control my action that i am able to do the right thing and think postivie as same time my undestaning one anouther that support that what other may feel.
I choose to make it right because that is who i am and it make me more stronger every time i am controling my action and that may not be the problam as the respond stay the same ans iam supporting this because i also do believe in myself that i do really can think postivie and do the right things by influence beyone my control.
